The word must use at least two tiles and it must be placed across the star square in the center of the board. The word can be laid out in a vertical or horizontal fashion, but it cannot be diagonal.
If you place a word over a square that says “Double Word” on it, then you the total value of your word will be doubled. If you place a tile over a square that says “Double Letter”, then you should the value of that letter will be doubled.
On your next turn, you will have to add onto the words that your opponents have just played. That means that you cannot just create a freestanding word on the board, all of the tiles must be connected.
As you build onto the words that your opponents have played, make sure that you consider all of the connected tiles. Your addition to the board must create at least one new word, but if you connect to other tiles, from other directions, then you need to make sure that you are creating valid words with these connections.
 It is a good idea to consider multiple plays during each of your turns and to go with the play that will gain you the most points. Look for opportunities to incorporate Premium Squares and high value letters like “Z” and “Q” into your plays. Available Premium Squares include:
Double Letter Score: This means that a letter placed on this square receives double the number of points that are shown on the letter.
Double Word Score: This means that a word that is made that includes the letter that is placed on this square receives double the number of points that it otherwise would.
Triple Letter Score: This means that a letter placed on this square receives three times the number of points that are shown on the letter.
Triple Word Score: This means that a word that is made that includes the letter that is placed on this square receives triple the number of points that it otherwise would.
If you think that a player has played a word that does not exist or that another player has misspelled a word, then you can challenge that player. When you challenge a player, you look up the word in the dictionary.
If the word is in the dictionary and the player has spelled it correctly, then the word stays and the player gets the points. The challenger loses his or her turn.
If the word is not in the dictionary or the player has spelled it incorrectly, then the player must remove the word from the board. The player gains no points and loses that turn.
At some point during the game, you may decide that you want to exchange some or all of your tiles for new ones. You can use a turn to get new tiles. Just discard the tiles that you no longer want into the bag, shuffle the bag and draw the number of tiles that you discarded. Just keep in mind that you cannot play a word in addition to drawing new tiles, this will count as your turn.